So the last lecture we saw or we understood what was created for us.
Now we can work with this folder here or with this set up and we can simply add a new folder for example
named components and there I could add my info component to my info dot chafers file here.
We could create such a new component by basically following the pattern seen here.
We import react and component from react.
We need both.
That's important.
And then we can simply export our app which extends component.
So I'll create my class here it's named info and with it.
No not exports.
It extends component in there.
We have a render method of course which returns our J as X code like this.
So here we could have wrapping def because remember only one root element in there.
We could simply have a heading where we say the info and bloated maybe a paragraph re-act is awesome.
Something like that.
Now at the very end our export info export default info to make this the default export of this file
here.
And with that we create our first component we may use and we can use it in yapped Acharyas fall.
So here I can add a new import import info from and now from the components folder from the info file
without.
Yes that will be resolved by the PAG workflow.
Behind the scenes automatically and now we can simply include this.
So here I will actually remove all that content to just leave the dev and now I will simply add my info
like this.
Now if we save this and we still have our workflow running in that terminal window where we started
with with NPM start it will automatically recompile and reload the browser window.
So now we see they invoke re-act is awesome.
Dad was really quick and that's how we can work with this setup.
We can add our own components just like we created them on chairs fiddle.
Now split up over several files to make them easier to manage.
Then we import them into each other with the import statement here and we use them just as we used to
before ingenius fiddle.
Now that we understood this.
Well let's see how we can turn this into a multi page single page application so simulating multiple
pages with different or else using the re-act router in the next lectures.